# vernam-expert-telegram
# gist
https://github.com/freedom-foundation/vernam-expert-telegram is a repository I made and starred along with the important documents. I stared this because communication is important - because docs have not much use if they cannot be sent and read. There are all sorts of instant messengers chats, and emails and so forth online but none of them are secure. There is even a service called telegram. The vernam cipher historicly has a couple of names because it was invented by multiple people though I chose vernam because this inventor as I read used it to become an American telegram service business used in something important which was banking. I draw upon something that was already did before because it obviously can work. Now the vernam cipher has been called the perfect cipher because it is unbreakable: AS LONG AS YOU DO IT RIGHT. So you have to become an expert, the user has to know what he's doing. To do what? Send a telegram. Then this is the vernam expert telegram. (https://gist.github.com/freedom-foundation/60a757f3ba6af02a7cb1b1137597c232)
## dependencies
In order to cipher text the text to cipher must first be sure. Unicode is a problem. While UTF-8 works with ASCII it encodes it differently using double transformation codepages. I need a standard ASCII a single pure codepage. ANSI ASCII is considered. ASCII need's to be the system encoding Linux Kernel and terminal because if any tools are used or to display text I do not want other encodings to be mixed in. I would even go so far to say because all tools used to create a cipher should be marked trusted in a Trust_Rack they should even be in ascii into the sourcecode programming language. 

ascii
md5sum - A checksum is used to make sure.
